# jobs-ejs
 week 14 CTD IMPALA

Hi, I am going to submit this README only repository for assignment submission. Really, I am going to submit all assignments from here forward like this. I wasn't able to complete the work of the class. I became enthralled with making my application for the final project work. I became entirely carried away. I didn't have enough time to do all I wanted to do, but I'll be submitting the final assignments like this in hopes that .. I don't know, somehow I could still recieve a certificate. I learned a TON during this IMPALA course, and that is priceless. At worst, I will retake the course. The front end assignment got me really off track, I ended up learning and implementing a lot of React to try to get it to where I wanted it to be. I don't know, it's been a rough past month trying to whip everything together. I truly learned about myself in the process. I learned I have to make sacrifices in my life in order to complete these courses. 40hr/week in store working, plus 4 days/week single parenting.. plus time for friends and family and also my freelance photography projects.. doesn't leave much room at all for CTD. I learned about the sacrifices that need to be made for my upcoming Python Boa course... I have to cut out social activites and really isolate in a way, just to make this all work. It has taken me a while to let this sink in. Oh well! Better late than never.


Week15:

The health scare of my father in mid December left me really despondent, and I fell away from CTD. It may seem like I gave up, but what you don't see is that I kept all my other responsibilites in life afloat - therapy and other mental health maintenece, work, side projects for income, family, friends.. I was doing a lot at the time when I just didn't have the bandwith for coding. I was in intense grief - there is a complicated history with my father, and it just made everything difficult. I was clinically depressed and just couldn't absorb or practice learning. My life is already overloaded, and I supposed the grief demanded room. None of the other aspects of my life were as flexible as CTD. I took a risk and have learned a lesson - I need to prioritize for CTD work more intensely. If I don't take the time today, the opportunity may not be there tomorrow.


Final Project Begins: Week 16

I don't want to blah blah blah all day, so I'll just reiterate: I'm happy to retake this course after my upcoming Python Boa course. I understand I did not meet requirements. It's just a shame and a little devastating that all my hard work is culminating in this kind of moment!! It's really okay, though. I retook Intro after getting a concussion, and successfully completed the second time around. I am 33 in May, and have been out of school for about a decade. One or two years to grease the education wheels again is fine with me. 
